Django is a high-level Python Web framework that encourages rapid development and clean pragmatic design.
A Web framework is a set of components that provide a standard way to develop websites fast and easily.

Django’s primary goal is to ease the creation of complex database-driven websites.
Some well known sites that use Django include PBS, Instagram, Disqus, Washington Times, Bitbucket and Mozilla.



The second reason you should learn Django is the scope of its features. If you need to build a website, you don’t need to rely on any external libraries or packages if you choose Django. 
This means that you don’t need to learn how to use anything else, and the syntax is seamless as you’re using only one framework.

There’s also the added benefit that you don’t need to worry that updating one library or framework will render others that you’ve installed useless. 
If you do find yourself needing to add extra features, there are a range of external libraries that you can use to enhance your site.



Django offers a wide range of built-in features and utilities. Make the most of them before reinventing the wheel.
For example, use Django's authentication system, form handling, and database models.
Leveraging these built-in tools not only saves you time but also ensures that you benefit from established best practices.

from django.contrib.auth.models import User
from django import forms

# Using Django's built-in User model and form
class UserForm(forms.ModelForm):
    class Meta:
        model = User
        fields = ('username', 'email', 'password')


Testing is a critical aspect of Django development. It's not only about ensuring that your code works but also about maintaining 
its functionality over time. Write comprehensive unit tests and integration tests to cover your application's critical paths.
Django's testing framework makes it relatively easy to write tests for your views, models, and forms.

from django.test import TestCase
from myapp.models import MyModel

class MyModelTestCase(TestCase):
    def setUp(self):
        MyModel.objects.create(name="Test Model")

    def test_model_name(self):
        test_model = MyModel.objects.get(name="Test Model")
        self.assertEqual(test_model.name, "Test Model")



Relative path" means using the path relative to the current working directory to define files rather than hard-coding the full path.
For some reason, projects tend to be moved around from time to time. This can be an absolute bear to deal with if you don't first plan ahead for
the possibility. If you don't use relative paths, the project will break if another person is working on the same project or the application is deployed 
to the server.

Unnecessary queries will always have adverse effects on database performance. Databases use foreign keys and many-to-many relationships to manage 
relationships between tables. select_related allows developers to fetch related objects in a foreign key relationship, while prefetch_related allows 
developers to fetch related objects in many to many or reverse foreign key relationships. These two methods will allow you to reduce the number of queries made to the database.